what's going on guys dopes on a 9:30
here with a tutorial on how to install
your ant minor ASIC basic USB dongle
you're going to need three different
things I'll put the download links in
the description of this video so once
you get them all downloaded then we're
ready to continue make sure you have a
mining pool set up if you don't know
what that is and to some research you
got to have a mining pool set up so
anyways first thing we're gonna do is
open the CP 10-5 folder you downloaded
and you can have to install the driver
you did it click the 64 one or the 32
one depending on your your operating
system whether it's 32 bit or 64 just go
ahead and install that it's really quick
just the device drivers once you're done
with that go ahead and exit out of that
and you're gonna go ahead and actually
plug in the at miner at this point it
should light up with a red LED then
you're going to go ahead and open up the
program called zadig once that it opens
up you're going to just click on options
then list all devices and you're going
to want to look for the one that says CP
to 102 and select that one once you've
done that you're going to go ahead and
click replace driver um it'll either say
replace driver or reinstall driver it
doesn't matter as you can see now it
says reinstall like it click it again
just to show you guys that it doesn't
matter as long as you click that button
and it runs through you're fine alright
then after that you can go ahead and
open up your cg minor that you
downloaded make sure you use the one in
the link I linked and you're gonna
extract the one that ends in two four
it'll give you that folder up top called
cg miner run once you done with that go
ahead and open up that folder and inside
you're gonna have to create a file you
get either open up notepad or the
easiest way is if you just right-click
it just right click anywhere inside of
that folder right now and click new then
a text document
and I want to do that you can just
double click on that and it'll actually
open up notepad or you can just open up
notepad it doesn't matter regardless you
open up notepad and go ahead and copy
this information I'll place this in the
description copy it exactly as you see
it into your notepad file once you've
done that you're going to replace a few
things with your pool information so
after the O as I highlight right here
that's where you're going to put your
the URL for your pool along with the
port number then after the U where it
says dope thunder 930 underscore 1
that's where you're going to be placing
your username then after P you're going
to go ahead and place your password if
you have a password for your minor
everything else could leave the same all
the stuff at the beginning all this
stuff after the password the dash dash
and so on just leave that how it is and
once you've gotten all that in there
you're simply going to go ahead and save
the file make sure you save as and
you're going to create a new file you
don't want to save it as a text document
so click all files you can go ahead and
name it you can name it whatever you
want I just named line I believe
tutorial but you want to make sure you
put the extension dot ba T because
you're creating a bat file all right you
go ahead and exit out of all your
notepad stuff and all you're going to do
now is double click that file that you
made and it'll open up a command window
that's going to start displaying some
information and it should essentially
start mining if you have any problems it
helps to kind of unplug and plug it back
in sometimes as you ought to just let it
run through here for a minute
and I believe I actually unplugged cuz
mine wasn't working
yeah I go ahead and unplug mine close
the program cousin working and restart
it right back up one more time and this
time it goes and it it starts working
right away as you'll see here in a
minute once you get it going it's you
know it does it all on its own but again
for troubleshooting all I can recommend
really is well as you can see in the top
left corner it's getting right there 1.6
Giga hash it kind of bounces around and
goes a little higher and a little bit
lower I don't know if it's just mine if
that's how they are but as you can see
it is mining and for any any
troubleshooting techniques I have is to
go ahead and use that zag or the the
program that you reinstall the driver
you might want to click that and just
try unplugging and plugging in the a
minor that usually will fix any problem
that you're gonna have but hopefully
this was a simple tutorial for you guys
it was complicated for me to set it up
but once I figured it all out it was a
walk in the park so again guys if you
have any questions please let me know
I'm going to be making another video
where I show you guys how to just
overclock it by changing just a very
basic thing in the file and yeah so if
you have any questions please let me
know and I'll try to help you out as
best as I can and the link to the
product will be in the description as
well thanks for watching